# Overview of today: 
## What I knew beforehand:  
- VS and Jetbrains IDE include AI functionality
- AI/ML is a very complicated topic, and not everyone knows what "AI" __really__ does 
## What I did:  
- continued "AI for Everyone" course, resuming on Video 5
- Finished week 2
## What I now know:
- AI projects will not be brainstormed immediately, they will need some thinking.
- Framework to figure out potential AI projects: aim to automate **tasks**, not **jobs**. For example, automating a radiologist's job is near impossible right now, but they may have a couple of tasks you can automate with AI.
- The ideal project is finding one that AI actually can do and that is useful to yourself/companies
- Big Data is not required to create a successful AI project, but it is damn useful :).
    - it makes stuff like web search defensible.
- Steps to carry out an AI project:
    - figure out if the project will meet objectives (as in you can verify the result and not have to guess)
    - figure out the size of dataset needed
    - timeline for project(doing summer homebrew so this step is not as important)
- do not expect 100% accuracy, 90% or even 80% is "good enough" or "reasonable" as you can relegate the ambiguous ones to human interpretors
## What’s next on the list:
- Begin Week 3 of course tomorrow
- Refresh & polish my rudimentary Python skills (use sites like Leetcode or Codeforces to gain experience)
- Begin working on projects with the help of https://thecodex.me/projects (It's only 3 free ones but that should suffice for experience)
    - more tutorials: https://realpython.com/python-ai-neural-network/, https://www.tutorialspoint.com/artificial_intelligence_with_python/index.htm, and https://machinelearningmastery.com/machine-learning-in-python-step-by-step/
- Look for tutorials on how to implement AI modules
- Read documentation on AI implementation libraries, such as Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, and Sklearn
    - Read up on data visualization (I learn a bit better visually)
## Interesting tidbits/thoughts:
- Could ML algorithms have ingrained bias? 
    - If so, would creating a more diverse dataset help decrease the presence of bias in the algorithm?
- ML/AI techniques are very powerful, being used in strats like GANs (**G**enerational **A**dversarial **N**etworks) and deep learning itself. 
    - However, could there be stronger ways to learn than using neural nets (since they mimic the human brain, a biological contrsuct)?
    - Could there be a "better" way to learn? Human brains, although the most sophisticated and complex object on Earth, has the disadvantage of poor memory and requiring a huge amount of memory. However, I would be ignorant if I claimed there existed a more efficient way than NNs.
