# Overview of today: 
## What I did:  
Played around with inpainting techniques. Seems promising, but not sure if this will help increase accuracy metrics.
- The inpainted COTS have to be close to each other and also be blended in well.
- Further doubts about this since the model can just learn to predict the mismatched area for a "correct" guess, which would be poor generalization (would miss the actual point).
- I can see the promise, though. I'd try to implement, but maybe later - the recent YOLO-Z failure took a lot out of me.
    - Maybe if you took outside COTS and meshed them properly, and ensured that temporally they matched up fairly well, you could augment your training by a lot.
Found a norfair tracker, played around with it. Thank god that I have a video creator to better see how each thing works. 
- Uses something called TTA, or Test-Time Augmentation. May need to read up on that, but fairly certain that it's similar to YOLO's train-time augs.
- So, my original idea about trackers was true: predictions are more constant but FP rate increases a slight bit, scaling proportionately with non-tracking FP rate.
- I assume this means predicting at higher conf with tracking will be more beneficial than the previous "0.01 to shotgun" confidence predictions.
- This one uses YOLOX weights, so thinking about a way to port this over to normal YOLOv5.
## What I now know:
- Single-object temporal trackers work well with this dataset. For multiple objects, I'm not sure, but I'm certain that they should also see an increase in LB as well.
## What’s next on the list:
- Read up on source code for YOLO.
    - Determine how to split and cross-validate. (more specifically, by sequence, video, or some other metric)
    - Implement any augmentation techniques. (any custom/predefined augmentations I can use to improve P/R in training?)
    - Test-time augmentations/preprocessing may help as well (put simply, any postprocessing I can do?)
## Interesting tidbits/thoughts:
- Sad moments. People figured out the confidence trick, so I ended up dropping a lot again. Now in the 200s. Well, it was nice while it lasted.
- Hopefully the tracker works. Fairly sure it does, however.
- The starfish don't move very much in each frame, so the boxes are dependent on the camera's direction. Mimicking that with inpainting seems difficult.
## Sources:
https://www.kaggle.com/alexchwong/yolov5-is-all-you-need-make-compact-videos?scriptVersionId=85494329 - notebook I used to create custom videos to evaluate postprocessing techniques
