# Overview of today: 
## What I did:  
Continued playing around with training. Experimented mostly with cross-validation mthods.
- Split by video, sequence, or only in contiguous frames with COTS objects?
- Ended up making a lot of smaller videos to figure out what the split entailed.
- The first attempt: Split by "subsequences", smaller series of frames with contiguous COTS objects.
    - Also found a nice notebook walking me through how to split into 5 or 10 folds.
    - Needed to make some uneven splits, since not all sequences are treated equally: some have more COTS in them, others only have a few
- The second attempt: Split by sequence, the labeled provided sequence (about 2 sequences per fold)
    - Also creates uneven splits, since some sequences have lots of COTS but others don't.
    - However, rearranging splits can help make the splits more even (like 5 larger even splits, 5 smaller even splits)
- The third attempt: Split by video
    - No CV leakage, since the videos are guarenteed to be in different locations and different times.
    - Experimented with using video 1, video 2, and video 3 as the validation.
Extra attempts to augment training included modifying the default augmentations along with retraining on the entire train set to reduce FP.
- Cost me almost all my GPU hours, though - won't be able to do more training this week, as I need a small amount to actually submit/update versions of models.
- Had to downsize train parameters to fit the time training limit, will run tests to confirm if this actually works later.
## What I now know:
- Seems like splitting by either subsequences or by video works the best.
    - At least on the model training the subsequence and video splits have a decently higher F2 than the sequence splits.
## What’s next on the list:
- Read up on source code for YOLO.
    - Implement any inference/Test time augmentation techniques.
## Interesting tidbits/thoughts:
- Hmm, kind of stuck in a rut right now. Might be burned out, will check later.
## Sources:
- https://www.kaggle.com/julian3833/reef-a-cv-strategy-subsequences: Introduces the argument for using subsequences of videos
- https://www.kaggle.com/tatamikenn/balanced-fold-splitting-algorithm: Fold splitting algorithm I found and drew inspiration from
