# Overview of today: 
## What I did:  
Attempted to ensemble models. Used a publicly disclosed model (think it was a YOLOX model of 0.539) along with 2 of my highest scoring models (0.644 and .65 if I recall correctly).
- Attempt 1 was done to infer at native res (3600), then the second was at higher resolution.
- Not much improvement, score dropped to 0.519 - suspiciously low. Maybe it's an average? Or could it be the fault of the public set?
- Gathered myself quite a lot of timeouts and exception errors. GPU time wasn't wasted so much as submission slots. 
- The ensemble works, but I don't know if it'll be useful or not.
Attempted to implement tracking along with the ensemble, but didn't seem to work.
- Requires Internet, and since I can't seem to find an earlier docker file, it can't run properly for submission.
- Scrapped this technique, although it feel really promising. Will come back to this technique if it shows progress on private set.
Generally played around with previously used techniques.
- Attempted to mix & match inference techniques, like tracking+SAHI or SAHI+ensembles. Didn't seem to find much improvement, if at all.
      - Perhaps the public set is not conducive to these types of augmentations?
      - Still trying to see if I can do postprocessing AFTER the inference. 
      - Chances are if done properly I could see a jump but if done poorly I could get banned for "looking ahead" in the time series.
- Continued evaluating F2 metrics. Mostly experimental days, not much to report.
## What I now know:
I can't prove these until my private test set scores are released. Purely speculation right now.
- A lot of enhancement techniques don't seem to be very good at underwater images.
## What’s next on the list:
- Try to implement any last-minute inference or Test time augmentation techniques.
## Interesting tidbits/thoughts:
- 2 weeks till submission end - I'm kind of nervous. Not doing so hot right now (300-400th place).
- First group of people broke 0.75 a while ago, and .675 is where a lotta people are.
- Kind of surprised at my score, though - didn't expect to break 0.65 that soon, if at all.
